README.md, before:

# UGOKU-Pad Arduino Library
日本語はこちら: [README.ja.md](README.ja.md)

An Arduino library for controlling an ESP32 from the UGOKU-Pad app. It includes examples for servo control and analog input, and exchanges up to 9 (channel, value) pairs over BLE.

## Features
- Exchange up to 9 (channel, value) pairs over BLE (fixed packet length 19 bytes, trailing XOR checksum).
- API to read the latest value per channel.
- Demo for servo control and analog measurements (e.g., differential two-wheel drive with one stick, distance value transmission).

## Requirements
- Arduino IDE 2.x
- Board: ESP32 Dev Module (tested with ESP32-WROOM/WROVER)
- Dependency: ESP32Servo

## Installation
1. Add this repository to the Arduino IDE via "Sketch > Include Library > Add .ZIP Library" or place it under `libraries/UGOKU-Pad`.
2. Install **ESP32Servo** using the Library Manager.
3. Install **esp32 by Espressif Systems** from the Boards Manager and select "ESP32 Dev Module".

## Usage (minimal example)
```cpp
#include <UGOKU-Pad_Controller.h>

UGOKUPadController controller;

void setup() {
	controller.begin("UGOKU-Pad ESP32");
	controller.setOnConnectCallback([](){ Serial.println("connected"); });
	controller.setOnDisconnectCallback([](){ Serial.println("disconnected"); });
}

void loop() {
	uint8_t err = controller.readPacket();
	if (err == UGOKU_PAD_NO_ERROR) {
		uint8_t v = controller.valueForChannel(1);
		// use received value here
	}
	controller.writeChannel(5, 123); // reply 123 to ch5
	delay(50);
}
```

## Example sketch
- examples/UGOKU-Pad_Arduino/UGOKU-Pad_Arduino.ino
	- ch1: toggle LED
	- ch2, ch3: differential two-wheel servo control (mixing)
	- ch5: send analog distance value

## Sample pinout
| Function | Pin |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Digital output (LED) | 27 |
| Distance sensor (analog) | 26 |
| RC servo | 14 |
| Rotation servo | 12 |

## Packet format
- Fixed 19 bytes: (ch0,val0)...(ch8,val8) total 18 bytes + 1 checksum byte
- Checksum is XOR of the first 18 bytes
- 0xFF is used as an indicator for "not received / unset"

Commit message:

Update README files with additional details about UGOKU Pad features and example sketches

README.md, after:

# UGOKU-Pad Arduino Library
日本語はこちら: [README.ja.md](README.ja.md)

An Arduino library for controlling an ESP32 from the UGOKU-Pad app. It includes examples for servo control and analog input, and exchanges up to 9 (channel, value) pairs over BLE.

## About UGOKU Pad
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2da444f-e0e3-46c4-aa92-2031e2f38083" width="600">

[UGOKU Pad](https://ugoku-lab.github.io/ugokupad.html) lets you connect an ESP32 (or other MCUs) to a smartphone over Bluetooth and control it with custom UIs. You can combine joysticks, sliders, and buttons to build your own control panel, then drive motors or monitor sensor data with ease.

[<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73952bbe-7f89-46e9-9a6e-cdc7eea8e7c8" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="60">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ugoku_lab.ugoku_console) [<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e27e5d09-63d0-4a2e-9e14-0bb05dabd487" alt="Download on the App Store" height="60">](https://apps.apple.com/jp/app/ugoku-pad/id6739496098)

## Features
- Exchange up to 9 (channel, value) pairs over BLE (fixed packet length 19 bytes, trailing XOR checksum).
- API to read the latest value per channel.
- Demo for servo control and analog measurements (e.g., differential two-wheel drive with one stick, distance value transmission).

## Requirements
- Arduino IDE 2.x
- Board: ESP32 Dev Module (tested with ESP32-WROOM/WROVER)
- Dependency: ESP32Servo (used by the sample sketch; install it via Library Manager)

## Installation
1. Add this repository to the Arduino IDE via "Sketch > Include Library > Add .ZIP Library" or place it under `libraries/UGOKU-Pad`.
2. Install **ESP32Servo** using the Library Manager.
3. Install **esp32 by Espressif Systems** from the Boards Manager and select "ESP32 Dev Module".

## Usage (minimal example)
```cpp
#include <UGOKU-Pad_Controller.h>

UGOKUPadController controller;

void setup() {
	controller.begin("UGOKU-Pad ESP32");
	controller.setOnConnectCallback([](){ Serial.println("connected"); });
	controller.setOnDisconnectCallback([](){ Serial.println("disconnected"); });
}

void loop() {
	uint8_t err = controller.readPacket();
	if (err == UGOKU_PAD_NO_ERROR) {
		uint8_t v = controller.valueForChannel(1);
		// use received value here
	}
	controller.writeChannel(5, 123); // reply 123 to ch5
	delay(50);
}
```

## Example sketch
- examples/UGOKU-Pad_Arduino/UGOKU-Pad_Arduino.ino
	- ch1: toggle a digital output pin (LED) via a button
	- ch2, ch3: servo control with adjuster/joystick
	- ch5: send an analog distance value from the sensor

## Sample pinout
| Function | Pin |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Digital output (LED) | 27 |
| Distance sensor (analog) | 26 |
| RC servo | 14 |
| Rotation servo | 12 |

## Packet format
- Fixed 19 bytes: (ch0,val0)...(ch8,val8) total 18 bytes + 1 checksum byte
- Checksum is XOR of the first 18 bytes
- 0xFF is used as an indicator for "not received / unset"
